docs: Add CONTRIBUTING.rst file (#196)
adrienverge/localstripe: README.rst

 pip3 install --user --upgrade dist/localstripe-*.tar.gz
 localstripe

> If you plan on opening a PR to improve localstripe, that is so cool!
> To make reviews smooth you should follow `our contributing guideline
> <CONTRIBUTING.rst>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan to open a pull request to improve localstripe, that is so cool! To
make reviews smooth you should follow `our contributing guidelines
<CONTRIBUTING.rst>`_.
```
